

ECG diagnosis

1. Parameter description of the result
	
	1. is_atrial_fibrillation   Whether atrial fibrillation  
	2. qrstype  
		1 Normal ECG
		2 Ventricular flutter
		3 junction premature beats
		4 junction escape
		5 Ventricular premature beats
		6 Ventricular escape
		7 left bundle branch block
		8 Right bundle branch block
		9 Atrial premature beats
		10 Atrial escape
		14 Abnormal ECG (abnormal waveform)

	3.heart  Heart rate
		heart<= 50  Suspected bradycardia
		heart>= 120 Suspected tachycardia
	    hrv >= 125  Suspected sinus arrhythmia

illustrate:
	1. is_atrial_fibrillation has the highest priority, if it is true, then the following conditions will not be judged.
	2. When is_atrial_fibrillation is false, judge the qrstype and get the corresponding conclusion.
	3. When the current qrstype == 1, the heart needs to be judged.

2. Type and text description

0.Atrial fibrillation
	QRS waveform was normal, normal P wave disappeared, F wave appeared, R-R interval was irregular.

1.Normal ECG
	The amplitude of QRS waveform was normal, P-R interval was normal, ST-T was not changed, and Q-T interval was normal.

2.Ventricular flutter
	The waveform of QRS-T is abnormal, the normal P waveform disappeared, the f waveform showed up.

3.junction premature beats
	QRS complex was normal, P wave inversion, P-R < 0.12s.


4.junction escape
 	QRS complex was normal with sinus P wave.

5.Ventricular premature beats
	The qrs-t waveform was wide and deformed. There was no related P wave before the QRS waveform. The QRS duration was > 0.12 seconds. The direction of T wave was opposite to that of the main wave.

6.Ventricular escape
	QRS waveform was wide and abnormal, and the escape period was more than 0.15 seconds.

7.left bundle branch block
	QRS waveform widened, QRS waveform group time limit > = 0.12s, ST-T direction was opposite to QRS main wave direction.

8.Right bundle branch block
	QRS waveform widened, QRS waveform group time limit >= 0.12s, ST-T direction was opposite to QRS wave terminal vector direction, and R wave appeared

9.Atrial premature beats
	QRS waveform was normal, variant P wave appeared ahead of time, P-R > 0.12 s, compensation interval was incomplete.

10.Atrial escape
	P wave was upright in leads I, II and AVF, AVR was inverted, and P-R interval was 0.12-0.20 seconds.

14.Abnormal ECG
	This measurement signal is not good, which may caused by dry-skin. Please clean or moisten the skin and retest. Keep quiet during the test.


15.Suspected bradycardia
	The QRS waveform was normal and the R-R interval was too long.

16.Suspected tachycardia
	The QRS waveform was normal and the R-R interval was short.

17.Suspected sinus arrhythmia
	The QRS waveform was normal, and the R-R interval changed too much